Test: one client ...

Iteration 0
Client 0
spawn_clients_and_wait: waiting for clients
labgob warning: Decoding into a non-default variable/field key may not work
spawn_clients_and_wait: client 0 is done
Iteration 1
Client 0
spawn_clients_and_wait: waiting for clients
spawn_clients_and_wait: client 0 is done
Iteration 2
Client 0
spawn_clients_and_wait: waiting for clients
spawn_clients_and_wait: client 0 is done
info: linearizability check timed out, assuming history is ok
  ... Passed --
 t 10.194294929504395 nrpc 22251 ops 22251

.Test: many clients ...

Iteration 0
Client 0
Client 1
spawn_clients_and_wait: waiting for clients
Client 2
Client 3
Client 4
spawn_clients_and_wait: client 0 is done
spawn_clients_and_wait: client 1 is done
spawn_clients_and_wait: client 2 is done
spawn_clients_and_wait: client 3 is done
spawn_clients_and_wait: client 4 is done
Iteration 1
Client 0
Client 1
Client 2
Client 3
spawn_clients_and_wait: waiting for clients
Client 4
spawn_clients_and_wait: client 0 is done
spawn_clients_and_wait: client 1 is done
spawn_clients_and_wait: client 2 is done
spawn_clients_and_wait: client 3 is done
spawn_clients_and_wait: client 4 is done
Iteration 2
Client 0
Client 1
Client 2
Client 3
spawn_clients_and_wait: waiting for clients
Client 4
spawn_clients_and_wait: client 0 is done
spawn_clients_and_wait: client 1 is done
spawn_clients_and_wait: client 2 is done
spawn_clients_and_wait: client 3 is done
spawn_clients_and_wait: client 4 is done
  ... Passed --
 t 4.442720890045166 nrpc 22266 ops 22266

.Test: rejection ...
Exception in thread Thread-89116 (dispatch):
Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "/opt/homebrew/Cellar/python@3.12/3.12.4/Frameworks/Python.framework/Versions/3.12/lib/python3.12/threading.py", line 1073, in _bootstrap_inner
Exception in thread Thread-89125 (dispatch):
Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "/opt/homebrew/Cellar/python@3.12/3.12.4/Frameworks/Python.framework/Versions/3.12/lib/python3.12/threading.py", line 1073, in _bootstrap_inner
Exception in thread Thread-89134 (dispatch):
Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "/opt/homebrew/Cellar/python@3.12/3.12.4/Frameworks/Python.framework/Versions/3.12/lib/python3.12/threading.py", line 1073, in _bootstrap_inner
    self.run()
    self.run()
  File "/opt/homebrew/Cellar/python@3.12/3.12.4/Frameworks/Python.framework/Versions/3.12/lib/python3.12/threading.py", line 1010, in run
    self.run()
  File "/opt/homebrew/Cellar/python@3.12/3.12.4/Frameworks/Python.framework/Versions/3.12/lib/python3.12/threading.py", line 1010, in run
  File "/opt/homebrew/Cellar/python@3.12/3.12.4/Frameworks/Python.framework/Versions/3.12/lib/python3.12/threading.py", line 1010, in run
    self._target(*self._args, **self._kwargs)
  File "/Users/minhdaonguyen/Documents/Github/CSCE_678/key-value-store-Minh-Dao-Nguyen/labrpc/labrpc.py", line 123, in dispatch
    self._target(*self._args, **self._kwargs)
  File "/Users/minhdaonguyen/Documents/Github/CSCE_678/key-value-store-Minh-Dao-Nguyen/labrpc/labrpc.py", line 123, in dispatch
    self._target(*self._args, **self._kwargs)
  File "/Users/minhdaonguyen/Documents/Github/CSCE_678/key-value-store-Minh-Dao-Nguyen/labrpc/labrpc.py", line 123, in dispatch
    r = server.dispatch(req)
        ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
  File "/Users/minhdaonguyen/Documents/Github/CSCE_678/key-value-store-Minh-Dao-Nguyen/labrpc/labrpc.py", line 220, in dispatch
    r = server.dispatch(req)
        ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
  File "/Users/minhdaonguyen/Documents/Github/CSCE_678/key-value-store-Minh-Dao-Nguyen/labrpc/labrpc.py", line 220, in dispatch
    return service.dispatch(method_name, req)
           ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
  File "/Users/minhdaonguyen/Documents/Github/CSCE_678/key-value-store-Minh-Dao-Nguyen/labrpc/labrpc.py", line 250, in dispatch
    return service.dispatch(method_name, req)
           ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
  File "/Users/minhdaonguyen/Documents/Github/CSCE_678/key-value-store-Minh-Dao-Nguyen/labrpc/labrpc.py", line 250, in dispatch
    r = server.dispatch(req)
        ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
  File "/Users/minhdaonguyen/Documents/Github/CSCE_678/key-value-store-Minh-Dao-Nguyen/labrpc/labrpc.py", line 220, in dispatch
    replyv = method(args)
             ^^^^^^^^^^^^
  File "/Users/minhdaonguyen/Documents/Github/CSCE_678/key-value-store-Minh-Dao-Nguyen/server.py", line 118, in Get
    return service.dispatch(method_name, req)
           ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
  File "/Users/minhdaonguyen/Documents/Github/CSCE_678/key-value-store-Minh-Dao-Nguyen/labrpc/labrpc.py", line 250, in dispatch
    raise KeyError("WRONG_SHARD")
KeyError: 'WRONG_SHARD'
    replyv = method(args)
             ^^^^^^^^^^^^
  File "/Users/minhdaonguyen/Documents/Github/CSCE_678/key-value-store-Minh-Dao-Nguyen/server.py", line 118, in Get
    raise KeyError("WRONG_SHARD")
KeyError: 'WRONG_SHARD'
    replyv = method(args)
             ^^^^^^^^^^^^
  File "/Users/minhdaonguyen/Documents/Github/CSCE_678/key-value-store-Minh-Dao-Nguyen/server.py", line 118, in Get
    raise KeyError("WRONG_SHARD")
KeyError: 'WRONG_SHARD'
  ... Passed
.  ... Passed
.Test: unreliable net, many clients ...

Iteration 0
Client 0
Client 1
spawn_clients_and_wait: waiting for clients
Client 2
Client 3
Client 4
spawn_clients_and_wait: client 0 is done
spawn_clients_and_wait: client 1 is done
spawn_clients_and_wait: client 2 is done
spawn_clients_and_wait: client 3 is done
spawn_clients_and_wait: client 4 is done
Iteration 1
Client 0
spawn_clients_and_wait: waiting for clients
Client 1
Client 2
Client 3
Client 4
spawn_clients_and_wait: client 0 is done
spawn_clients_and_wait: client 1 is done
spawn_clients_and_wait: client 2 is done
spawn_clients_and_wait: client 3 is done
spawn_clients_and_wait: client 4 is done
Iteration 2
Client 0
Client 1
Client 2
Client 4
spawn_clients_and_wait: waiting for clients
Client 3
spawn_clients_and_wait: client 0 is done
spawn_clients_and_wait: client 1 is done
spawn_clients_and_wait: client 2 is done
spawn_clients_and_wait: client 3 is done
spawn_clients_and_wait: client 4 is done
  ... Passed --
 t 3.8926501274108887 nrpc 765 ops 613

.Test: concurrent append to same key, unreliable ...

spawn_clients_and_wait: waiting for clients
spawn_clients_and_wait: client 0 is done
spawn_clients_and_wait: client 1 is done
spawn_clients_and_wait: client 2 is done
spawn_clients_and_wait: client 3 is done
spawn_clients_and_wait: client 4 is done
  ... Passed --
 t 0.3053109645843506 nrpc 61 ops 52

.Test: unreliable net, sharded, many clients ...

Iteration 0
spawn_clients_and_wait: waiting for clients
Client 0
Client 1
Client 2
Client 3
Client 4
spawn_clients_and_wait: client 0 is done
spawn_clients_and_wait: client 1 is done
spawn_clients_and_wait: client 2 is done
spawn_clients_and_wait: client 3 is done
spawn_clients_and_wait: client 4 is done
Iteration 1
spawn_clients_and_wait: waiting for clients
Client 0
Client 1
Client 2
Client 3
Client 4
spawn_clients_and_wait: client 0 is done
spawn_clients_and_wait: client 1 is done
spawn_clients_and_wait: client 2 is done
spawn_clients_and_wait: client 3 is done
spawn_clients_and_wait: client 4 is done
Iteration 2
spawn_clients_and_wait: waiting for clients
Client 0
Client 1
Client 2
Client 3
Client 4
spawn_clients_and_wait: client 0 is done
spawn_clients_and_wait: client 1 is done
spawn_clients_and_wait: client 2 is done
spawn_clients_and_wait: client 3 is done
spawn_clients_and_wait: client 4 is done
  ... Passed --
 t 3.3362109661102295 nrpc 943 ops 764

.
----------------------------------------------------------------------
Ran 7 tests in 26.411s

OK